{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;\csgray\c100000;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1.\
MATCH p=(drstrange:Hero \{name: 'DR. STRANGE/STEPHEN'\})- [:APPEARED*0..2]-(drdoom:Hero \{name: 'DR. DOOM/VICTOR VON'\})\
RETURN p, length(p)\
ORDER BY length(p)\
LIMIT 1\
\
The shortest path is a direct path between Dr. Strange and Dr. Doom.\
\
2.\
MATCH p=(drstrange:Hero \{name: 'DR. STRANGE/STEPHEN'\})- [:APPEARED*0..2]-(drdoom:Hero \{name: 'DR. DOOM/VICTOR VON'\})\
RETURN p, length(p)\
ORDER BY length(p)\
LIMIT 5\
\
The 5 shortest paths include:\
Dr. Strange - Dr. Doom\
Dr. Strange - Captain Britain - Dr. Droom\
Dr. Strange - Thunderball - Dr. Doom\
Dr. Strange - Captain Britain - Thunderball - Dr. Doom\
Dr. Strange - Thunderball - Captain Britain - Dr. Doom\
\
3.\
MATCH (colossus:Hero \{ name: 'COLOSSUS II/PETER RA' \})- [:APPEARED*2..2]-(friend_of_friend)\
WHERE NOT (colossus)-[:APPEARED]-(friend_of_friend) AND friend_of_friend.name <> 'COLOSSUS II/PETER RA' RETURN friend_of_friend.name, COUNT(*)\
ORDER BY COUNT(*) DESC , friend_of_friend.name\
\
The 5 friends-of-friends of Colossus II with the most connections are:\
- WONG (453)\
- MOONSHINE II/KARLA S (370)\
- CARTER, PEGGY (367)\
- POWER MAN/ERIK JOSTE (350)\
- KINGPIN/WILSON FISK (342)\
\
4.\
MATCH (ironman:Hero \{ name: 'IRON MAN/TONY STARK' \})- [:APPEARED*2..2]-(friend_of_friend)\
WHERE NOT (ironman)-[:APPEARED]-(friend_of_friend) AND friend_of_friend.name <> 'IRON MAN/TONY STARK' RETURN friend_of_friend\
LIMIT 12\
\
5.\
MATCH (tony:Hero \{name:'IRON MAN/TONY STARK'\}) -[e:APPEARED]-> (other) <-[f:APPEARED]- (donald:Hero \{name:'THOR/DR. DONALD BLAK'\})\
RETURN other\
ORDER BY e.w DESC, f.w DESC\
LIMIT 8\
\
(Increment limit from 1 to 8)\
\
\
IRON MAN\
THOR\
CAPTAIN AMERICA\
SCARLET\
VISION\
WASP\
ANT-MAN\
WONDER MAN\
HAWK\
IRON MAN IV\
\
}